to make good youtube friends in
this time is a new video tutorial
for motions commonly the wifi signal
of our device ios whether it's iphone
ipad or ipod touch
ok well it seems we take care to have done the
jailbreak on our device and
obviously have cydia for this we are going to
Syria
First of all, all this is achieved
thanks through a tweet decided
called wifi boxer ok
now we are going to drive and here we go
to go to sources we are going to edit add and
add to the time I leave on screen
is the repo from there hack repo give add
bridge add anyway and ready
we give tapen ready now let's look and
There is someone to look for
wifi poster
and there
it's the first
Angel Firpo is the version 1.3
points 2 and ready
sorry here we go tapen install
and good friends when I finish
download and install will be asked
do a sprint to dine spring and ready
ok now let's adjust
here we go to wifi I am connected
currently to review what I do
my laptop ok with the qonnect program and
order if you want to watch the video
Chek out
is on my channel and well here as
they could see no sign appeared
this is real
I do not usually see signs
when I do not have you this tweet and with
the tweet I see two networks that are
this one that you see here and this one below
appears with one hairline and the other with two
okay
This truth is very good because
when you are in a place where you do not have
wifi and nothing comes to you with this pick
the best you can get a hairline two
hatch 20 to connect and navigate
by internet ok and good friends this has
been all for this tutorial remember if
I liked you